Port SmartDashboard - LiveWindow from Screensteps (#125)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/software/wpilib-tools/smartdashboard/test-mode-and-live-window/pid-tuning-with-smartdashboard.rst

Tuning the PIDController
------------------------
.. image:: images/PID-tuning-with-SmartDashboard/tuning-pid-controller.png

Tuning the PID controller can be difficult and there are many articles that describe techniques that can be used. It is best to start with the P value first. To try different values fill in a low number for P, enter a setpoint determined earlier in this document, and note how fast the mechanism responds. If it responds too slowly, perhaps never reaching the setpoint, increase P. If it responds too quickly, perhaps oscillating, reduce the P value. Repeat this process until you get a response that is as fast as possible without oscillation. It's possible that having a P term is all that's needed to achieve adequate control of your mechanism.

Once you have determined P, I, and D values they can be inserted into the program. You'll find them either in the properties for the PIDSubsystem in RobotBuilder or in the constructor for the PID Subsystem in your code.

The F (feedforward) term is used for controlling velocity with a PID controller.

> You can find more information in Operating the robot with feedback from sensors(C++ or Java).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. todo:: add link to pid article when ported

You can find more information in Operating the robot with feedback from sensors.
```

Reviewer: With this change, it's all good. The PID article has yet to be ported (likely to be rewritten).
